>> Brian Holt: Let's talk about routing,
so
previous versions of this course I've
taught react router all three times.
To be honest with you still I would
consider react router to be kind of the de
facto standard.
It's the one that everyones used,
we used it at Netflix,
I've used it at several places now.
It's a great piece of technology and
React Router v4 is really great.
If you're interested in React Router,
v3 of this course teaches React Router v4.
Which is still the current version so
feel free to go take a look at that.
I also taught p1,
I think in one of the courses as well,
so I have several of them there.
Today, we're gonna be talking about Reach
Router, Reach Router was written by one
of the authors of React router, so it's
already written with a lot of experience.
And, if you have written React Router
before, it still feels pretty familiar.
In fact, I'm not even gonna really
show you many of the advance
features of Reach Router.
But it does some really,
really compelling stuff, so
I invite you to check out
the documentation, it's quite compelling,
so given that,
why am I choosing to teach it?
I do think it's a better library,
personally, the accessibility, the amount
of thought about accessibility that
has gone into Reach Router is amazing.
One thing that reach router does for you,
and you don't have to do anything for,
is it manages the focus of where
things go really really well.
So with React Router,
when a route changed from one thing to
the other, typically what a screen reader
would expect is that you would focus
on the thing that changed, right.
Unfortunately react router,
with the way that it was programmed,
it just really couldn't do it.
So with Reach Router,
Ryan Florence re-architected it so
that he was able to make it
focus on the thing that change.
So that's, to me, the biggest win why,
on top of other things, there's a bunch of
just little niceties, it does relative
paths, which the previous one didn't do.
There's a lot of things
that are really convenient,
so that's what we're gonna be
talking about today is Reach Router.
But again it's really simular you could
interchange them and almost work.
So what we wanna do now is we're gonna
make this rather than just one page right,
if we go over here this is just one page.
We're gonna separate this into
multiple different pages,
we're gonna make a single
page application.
Now not everything that you do needs
to be a single page application.
You need to be asking yourself,
am I building a single page application?
Don't just assume that everything
should be a single page application.
If you have multiple distinct pages,
those are fine to stay as
separate HTML requests, right?
So you need to ask yourself
am I building an app, or
am I building just like a normal website?
And those can be distinct things,
just make conscientious decisions,
don't just assume.
But I'm going to teach you how to do
a single page application cause that's
a common thing that people wanna do.
>> Brian Holt: So, let's go and
split this page into a route, so
right now we have everything
kinda living inside of app,
we're gonna make a new page
here called "results".
So save, inside of source "results.js" and
basically what we're
gonna do is we're gonna
take almost everything from
>> Brian Holt: From app and
move it into results.js, we're not gonna
take react DOM, so
you can delete that part.
Delete this down here at the bottom and
we're going to export default results.
>> Brian Holt: I mean we'll
call this results as well.
>> Brian Holt: Let me get make
sure I get all the mark up right.
>> Brian Holt: So we're gonna get rid of
this top level div here and the Adopt Me
part cuz that'll live inside of the app
and we'll get rid of this div down here.
So now it's just gonna be a div with all
the pets stuff rendering inside of it.
And we're gonna give this
a className of search.
[NOISE] Other than that pretty
sure it's almost the same.
>> Brian Holt: Now let's go to app.js.
>> Brian Holt: And
we can just rewrite all this pretty much.
>> Brian Holt: So we'll leave the import
at the top and the render at the bottom.
We'll still have to import
render from react- dom and
now we'll have to import results as well.
Import results from dot/results,
okay then we're gonna have class
app extends reacts dot component and
with a render method return div H1,
adopt me and results.
>> Brian Holt: So so far the only thing
that we've done is refactored this to be
in a separate component.
This should look exactly
the same otherwise,
other than adding some styling,
cuz we added the search form.
So if we go over here and refresh, yeah,
you should see a white background now but
otherwise it should look
relatively the same.
>> Brian Holt: Now we
have the Results route,
which means we can switch
to a different route.
So we're gonna make just a really
quick third page called details.js.
This one's gonna be super simple too,
import React from React and class Details
extends React.Component render.
And for now we're just gonna have it
just return something really dumb.
[SOUND] And then down here at
the bottom export default Details.
>> Brian Holt: Like the simplest
react component you can think of.